LEIBOX enables legal entities with a LEI code to receive electronic mail from authorities and government agencies with their existing Email systems. LEIBOX Organization established as an extension to the Global Legal Entity Identifier Foundation (GLEIF) tasked to support the implementation and use of the Legal Entity Identifier (LEI). LEIBOX is a service and utility layer to the LEI code. 

The transition period to a paperless electronic communication by EU (Directive EU 2018/1972) and U.S. (The National Archives and Records Administration NARA M-19-21) obliges all authorities and government agencies within the EU and the U.S. to transition to electronic communication. Within the transition period legal entities with a LEI code are required to activate LEIBOX in order to receive critical electronic mail sent from authorities and government agencies. LEIs without an activated LEIBOX jeopardize not receiving essential correspondence (letters, certificates, and invoices) from authorities and government agencies. 

The benefits for LEIs with an Activated LEIBOX are:
- Speed 			Faster correspondence with authorities and government agencies 
- Lost mail 		Increased number of government agencies only send electronic mail
- Security 		Rate of fraud with electronic mail is dramatically lower
- Costs-saving	 	Labor involved in handling physical paper post and archiving
- Compliance		EU Directive 2018/1972 and NARA M-19-21
- Global coverage	Authorities and government agencies worldwide
- Emissions		Save trees and reduce emissions from logistics

LEIBOX Organization and the GLEIF foundation are overseen by the Regulatory Oversight Committee with representing several public entities. The LEI system founded to drive forward transparency within the global financial markets jointly. GLEIF provides Open Data with a philosophy of Open Source. LEIBOX is a service utility layer built on the pillars of Open Data and Open Source to provide enhanced communication service and utility to LEIs.

LEIBOX headquartered in Basel, Switzerland.

LEIBOX supports a sustainable future, and The Global Goals EG2030-1 by increasing the efficiency of correspondence, transparency, and reducing the carbon footprint for authorities, government agencies and legal entities communication globally while saving costs.

Activating LEIBOX guarantees a secure, digital, and fast delivery of critical correspondence from authorities and government agencies sent to legal entities connected and verified existing Email systems. Legal entities activate LEIBOX by connecting their LEI code to their current Email address. 

To connect LEI code to current Email use the LEIBOX Form at www.leibox.org/activate/

Electronic mail from authorities and government agencies addressed to a specific LEI code will arrive in the connected Email address inbox. 

Rapid correspondence between authorities and companies enable a net positive impact on the economy. Annually legal entities/companies and governments using LEIBOX;
Reduce € 76,479,389 in costs for manual labor costs relating to the post.
Reduce 3,325,190 hours in manual labor relating to the post.
Reduce 547 tons of CO2 in physical paper production.
Save 27,350 trees.

Activating LEIBOX saves unnecessary costs and certifies the legal entity as a supporter of The Global Climate Goals EG2030-1.

LEIBOX is a secure layer enabling LEIs to receive electronic communication from authorities in existing Email system. Open Data Layer Solution (ODLS) is the standard for electronic mail to legal entities with a LEI code from authorities and government agencies. The LEIBOX secure layer solution pairs LEI code to a verified Email with LEIBOX security measurement systems in the middle ensuring only verified senders (“who is who”), i.e., government agencies and authorities to send correspondence directly to a LEIs verified Email address inbox.

"GLEIF makes available the Global LEI Index; i.e., the only global online source that provides open, standardized, and high-quality legal entity reference data. By doing so, GLEIF enables people and businesses to make smarter, less costly, and more reliable decisions about whom to do business."

LEIBOX ensures nations and corporations follow; EU Paperless Legislative (Directive EU 2018/1972) and U.S. The National Archives and Records Administration's (NARA M-19-21) for a sustainable future where information is digital, safe, fast, correct, and efficient advancing from cutting trees logistics faulty, and slow. By utilizing LEI code built-in ISO 17442: The LEI Code Structure standard solution of; "who is who," LEIBOX solutions assure both the sender and the receiver of data/Email is verified by filtering systems inbound in LEIBOX services.

LEIBOX is, by its statutes, agnostic to any particular commercial or political interests. LEIBOX is the industry standard for entity identification for correspondence with authorities, government agencies, and other legal entities with a LEI code.

LEIBOX service layer ensures the operational integrity of the Global LEI System to receive government correspondence. GLEIF continuously increases both the information available within and the quality of the LEI data pool and makes public access to the information ever easier. LEIBOX enables this data to be used by governments and corporations for secure, efficient, and reliable direct communication into existing Email systems connected to a LEI number. Reducing cost, delays, and securing accurate delivery.

Services provided by LEIBOX, is the industry standard for providing efficient and reliable government electronic mail to LEIs verified Email address and within existing email systems.

LEIBOX organization manages a network of local partners, known as the LEIBOX issuing parties; these parties act locally to provide trusted activation of LEIBOX in each market globally. All parties certified by LEIBOX and all connected within the global website of www.leibox.org

LEIBOX's mission is to eliminate unnecessary costs, increase speed, efficiency, security, and transparency in the financial markets by providing a service layer utilizing the Global LEI System, providing Email solutions to all corporations and financial institutions with a LEI number. The service layer enables governments and corporations to send and receive mail directly to a verified Email inbox.

LEI is used to create transparency in the derivatives markets. As demonstrated with the current LEI population, these efforts have generated excellent results. To date, LEIs have been assigned to legal entities based primarily in Europe and the U.S., where regulations require the use of LEIs to identify counterparties to transactions in regulatory reporting uniquely. The next direct step; LEIBOX, to enable governments in the EU and the U.S. to directly send certificates, mail, and critical business information to LEI holders' verified Email address. Public authorities in these jurisdictions rely on LEI to evaluate risk, take corrective steps and, if required, minimize market abuse, improve the accuracy of financial data and further improve correspondence by the implementation of LEIBOX.

The extended position 'GLEIF's is promoting has generated significant advantages for the wider business community, resulting in the added service and utility layer; LEIBOX which assures irrevocable correspondence that is secure. Within the LEIBOX cloaked yet at the same time compliant for transparency the who is who problem is solved. LEIBOX categorizes correspondence due to importance where Gov-to-LEI and LEI-to-LEI is always top of the inbox and further tracks if the communication is received and read within all parties involved.

"LEIBOX enable secure, less costly, and more reliable government and corporation communication via verified Email address connected to LEI codes."
